[Dr. Doom:]
My servants began to forge what was to become
The most dreaded costume on the face of the earth
The last thing to fit was the mask
Will it conform to my twisted features in comfort

[MF Doom:]
He cleans his metal mask with gasoline, they after him
Last seen pulling chicks like a fiend pull a fast one
Can't put shit past him
Got niggas on his own team mad enough to blast him
Retarded in real life, on the mic Rain Man
Stand close to his main man like a chain gang
Who give a fuck about who or they fancy crew
That's no mystery that Hardy Boys do with Nancy Drew
Sorta with her drawers down quarter
The extorter bring slaughter like "Well I oughta"
I suggest you hand over the formula doula
A villain in your land, in his land a ruler
Hard hitting like puffing a woola with Lieutenant Uhura
Every day feel like it's an off day with Ferris Bueller
Brother pull heat to prove they not sweet
No matter how you spell it, we still got beats

[Kurious:]
Don't question how we live, question what we give
Take it to the next leave 'em where they can't see me
Still they judge, but they be butt ass
Twist that wig like a muppet, keep it simple, can't truss it
Light's the fuel, mic is the tool
Drink Jack, kick back, drop jewel, finish what I start
Mastered the art, living hell can't explain it
Inhale confuse it more, cop the .44
Contemplate, meditate, dictate
I direct my direct fate, coming of late
Kurious, can I say shit
Do it for CottleRock, do it for K.Nit
(RIP)
K-N-I-T, Sub R-O-C
(Eternally for M-I-C)
Only we save we

[MF Doom:]
By candlelight my hand will write these rhymes 'til I'm burnt out
Mostly from experience, shit that I learned about
Topics and views, generally concerned about
With different ways to come up and earn clout
I take a look at my life and pace the trails
From Tablik and savage females with fake nails to face veils
You out your frame but still bagging 'em too
You know I know, these hoes be asking me if I'm you
Like my twin brother, we did everything together
From hundred raka'at salats to copping butter leathers
Remember when you went and got the dark blue Ballys
I had all the different color Cazals and Gazelles
The "SUBROC" three-finger ring with the ruby in the "O", ock
Truly the illest dynamic duo on the whole block
I keep a flick of you with the machete sword in your hand
Everything is going according to plan man


Absolute power corrupts absolutely
If they get the villain surrounded then (AHEM!)

Good to the last drop nigglets
Hood til the blast pop them bigot-ass piglets
Go for the bosses, d*cks are higher
Beat walkers still get caught up in the crossfire
Get at the sarge, he give the orders
The rest of them punks'll quit the force or get slaughtered
Use stealth play, alleys, jet
We'd rather not alert them nosey federallies yet
Keep the local random cases in each state
Escape to the beaches for the season and be straight
You on call, keep your nikes on tight, no white
Anybody tell, get lighted on sight
The ring is on a need to know basis
No persons, places, things and no faces
Get bagged, you on your own, act it alone
Back home, your fam'll be provided fo' while you're gone
It's a price on all snitches
If you nice bring back eyes, fingers, toes an' pictures
Send copies to those who singin' the blues
Mothers an' fathers who's unjustly accused
Our species is in danger
Wear gloves an' strike in a city where you a stranger
That'll let them fools know
And send 'em a message, let them P.O.W.'s go

Absolute power corrupts absolutely
Now you have your orders, do your duty

A new way to let the shots spray
A few drops a day, double expresso, d.a. latte
No smell, nor taste, hardly traceable
Wait to waste a prosecutor, paid to get the case pulled
Learn 'em a lesson for givin' bros mad stressins
A long list of CEO's names and addresses
A fake judge with many years on the bench
And sent some good cats to the chair, was aired in a trench
They say her tongue was teared out, smeared and drenched
The whole system's scared and doubtin' a fair stench
And she was tortured, some say post-mortem
The suspect took his own life before they caught 'im
It's real spooky like a real trife movie
Remember the part when terminator killed tookey

Absolute power corrupts absolutely
If they get the villain surrounded, son, then shit…

Shed blood, some'll be shooken
Just look with they head in the mud
Red flood
VILLIAN!


Living off borrowed time, the clock tick faster
That'd be the hour they knock the slick blaster
Dick Dastardly and Muttley with sick laughter
A gun fight and they come to cut the mixmaster
I-C-E cold, nice to be old
Y2G stee twice to threefold
He sold scrolls, lo and behold
Know who's the illest ever like the greatest story told
Keep your glory, gold and glitter
For half, half of his niggas'll take him out the picture
The other half is rich and it don't mean shit-ta
Villain: a mixture between both with a twist of liquor
Chase it with more beer, taste it like truth or dare
When he have the mic, it's like the place get like: "Aw, yeah!"
It's like they know what's 'bout to happen
Just keep ya eye out, like "Aye, aye, captain"
Is he still a fly guy clapping if nobody ain't hear it?
And can they testify from in the spirit? (Nah)
In living, the true gods
Giving y'all nothing but the lick like two broads
Got more lyrics than the church got "Ooh, Lord"s
And he hold the mic and your attention like two swords
Either that or either one with two blades on it
Hey you, don't touch the mic like it's AIDS on it (Yuck)
It's like the end to the means
Fucked type of message that sends to the fiends
That's why he bring his own needles
And get more cheese than Doritos, Cheetos or Fritos
Slip like Freudian
Your first and last step to playing yourself like accordion

When he at the mic, you don't go next
Leaving pussy cats like why hoes need Kotex
Exercise index, won't need Bowflex
And won't take the one with no skinny legs like Joe Tex


Even then I had the uneasy feeling it wasn't young Viktor Vaughn who would need my protection

Motherfuckers, that's why I ain't playin with their ass, that's what's gon' happen to them niggas...
Motherfuckers done fucked up, man. Ain't it some shit like that?

Yo
I'm only rhyming where the drums is at
Y'all niggas think y'all slick with that bullshit bump that
Y'all pay V for flowing to the beat
Not for what he know that got hoes hoeing in the streets
That's for him to know
And for they to never find out
About the kidnap, blind fold, and the blind mouse
The coroner report say he simply signed out
OH and I know
Y'all wanna see a wino? Bring the wine out
Cat with a dead mouse is how he catch a phrase, and pause, plays with it
Kill it
And eat off it for days, get it!
Who ever ain't get it ain't supposed to
For standing still close to
Bandits will ghost you
No shoot, Sherlock
I don't know how they do on your block
Out here we rock on to the sure shot
Shit still ain't stop, keep it on 'til your peeps is gone
V be on the creep, no matter what you keep it on
CD debahh.... oh...

Aw-... Ya'll motherfuckers... PLAYIN.... motherfu-

V
Catch the beat too ridiculously
People think he study levitation's true mystery
Had a pal named Ed Leedskalnin until he got him for his sweet 16
He said Ed be Wilin'
Rumor has it things got violent
He clobbered him and broke the fuck out
But he ain't try to rob him
I told her don't tell your man. That's the trouble with these chicks
Next experiment:
Twelve strands from double helix
No I haven't seen Kes, Neelix
"Oh yeah?
Why don't you stay away from her with those lyrics"
Please
Ain't nobody fucking after her
I'm out of here as soon as I fix the flux capacitor
And OH, and speak to V in a proper manner
Before he stabs you and put out all types of propaganda
Stop the slander
Chop the hand of a thief
And cut the mouth off of who ever come out they teeth

V sell time to an inmate
And then tell him a rhyme for the hell of it to demonstrate
They know who's the renown beat critic
And do a street lyric like, "That's a neat trick!"
Off on a tangent
They ain't got a cent
Supposed to went to management, and spent it getting bent
Sparky, I had enough of your malarkey
For one, don't mark me and who you calling Darkie?
I had to take the nigga car key!


So nasty that it's probably somewhat of a travesty having me
Daily told the people "You can call me Your Majesty!"
Keep your battery charged
You know it won't stick, yo
And it's not his fault you kick slow
Should've let your trick 'ho chick hold your sick glow
Plus nobody couldn't do nothin' once he let the brick go
And you know I know that's a bunch of snow
The beat is so butter
Peep the slow cutter
As he utter the calm flow (Your mother)
Don't talk about my moms, yo
Sometimes he rhyme quick, sometimes he rhyme slow
Or vice versa
Whip up a slice of nice verse pie
Hit it on the first try
Villain: the worst guy
Spot hot tracks like spot a pair of fat asses
Shots of the scotch from out of square shot glasses
And he won't stop 'til he got the masses
And show 'em what they know not through flows of hot molasses
Do it like the robot to headspin to boogaloo
Took a few minutes to convince the average bug-a-boo
It's ugly, like look at you
It's a damn shame
Just remember ALL CAPS when you spell the man name

And you know it like a poet, like baby doll
I bet she tried to say she gave me her all, she played ball
All bets off!
The Villain got the dice rigged
And they say he accosted the man with the sliced wig
Allegedly; the investigation is still ongoing
In this pesky nation he gots the best con flowin'
The pot doubles
Now they really got troubles
Madman never go (pop!)
Like snot bubbles


Come out to show them
Like, open the bruise up and let some of the bruise blood come out to show them
Come out to show them, come out to show them, come out to show them 
Come out to show them, come out to show them, come out to show them...

Listening to music while stoned is a whole new world
Most cannabis consumers report it second only to sex
And grass will change your musical habits, for the better"
Bad weed right there
To' up man

"America's most blunted!"
"Soon as he start sleepin', catchin' you off guard"
"Me rhythm now, huh?"
"If you'll all gather close around the phonograph"
"Who those motherfuckers comin' in here?
No! It can't be!
"YO!"

Where Quas at?
Yo!
DOOM, you got the trees?

"America's most blunted!"

[MF Doom:]
Quas, when he really hit star mode
Never will he boost loose Phillies with the bar-code
Or take a whole carload on a wasted trip
Or sit White Owl laced tip from tip with yip
Some rather baggies others like their cracks in vials
Catch a tag, roll a bag of schwag in a Black & Mild
He twist Optimo, just the raw leaf part
The list top go: bust before beef start
At the Stop-n-Go Mart, actin like a spirit host done it
-"America's most blunted!"-
Yeah, yo
DOOM nominated for the best rolled L's
And they wondered how he dealt with stress so well
Wild guess? You could say he stay sedated
Some say buddha-ed, some say faded
Someday pray that he will grow a farm barn full
Recent research show it's not so darn harmful (true)
Sometimes you might need to detox
It can help you with your rhyme flow and your beat-box
Off spite to your surprise
Turn a Newport Light to a joint right before your eyes
Tear a page out the good book, hear it how you want it

"America's most blunted!"
"Comin' kinda stupid from the station"
"Amazing loops, loops, loops..."
"-the universal"
"The-th-the-best, the-th-best, the-the-the, the best in your perimeter"

[Lord Quas:]
Yo I can't find that nigga Metal Face nowhere (oh alright)

"America's most blunted!"

DOOM! The Madvillain killing mad boom
Consume weed and drink brew 'til we perfume the room
The beat conductor smoke twenty-four/seven
Shady... you can even ask my reverend
Willie knows, how the Phillies roll, really though
I spend my last dough, to pick up the sticky gold
I spark the lah, but don't shh with speed or trees with seeds
Quasimoto crew, we get keyed
The most blunted on the map
The one astro black, in the alley, with a hoodrat
Hoodrat.. when you try to react
Shut the - up! Even your pops got smacked
Even your moms got cracked
"Meanwhile!"- While my bowl got packed
Drop X so you can have good sex (What, no)
I smoke dank so I can grow me a shank
I got the fat sack, shh- all day I hunt it
Who are we...?

"America's most blunted!"
"Comin' kinda stupid from the station"
"Amazing loops, loops, loops..."
"-the universal"
"America's most blunted!"

Creativity, it's a known fact that grass increases creativity
From eight, to eleven times. In fact, everyone finds that they're
More creative stoned, than straight

So remember:
M-A-R-I-J-U...
... A-J-U-A-N-A
Mar-i...
...juana
Mari-juana


[Ghostface Killah:]
Yea, that's right
It's not a Hardy Boy mystery neither
This is real shit
This shit come on right after Hart to Hart y'all
No doubt, 7 o'clock Fantasy Island
This episode is "Death to a Brooklyn Man"
This is Tony's Angels

It was three white bitches who worked for Tony Starks
Undercover agents, far beyond narc's
Amazed by they beauty marks
Wonder Woman bracelets, knee-high boots that was made Clarks
My dick got hard, at how they spoke and shit
Every language was music to the kid as if..
I was modern day King Midas
Doreen, Skye and Kelly, Starky's Angel's- Shaolin's finest
Though it happened in the streets of Brooklyn
Plus I played the whip real low cause my face was rooklin
My Angels jetted out of Albee Square
Gun out, wrap in their hair, kinda crowded so they clap in the air
Chased a nigga down block for blocks
Squeezing glocks, these mommies real anxious to blow off his top
He's a rapist, murderer, convict, burglar
The more they ran the more they skirts got dirtier
Sending shots like check day, Fed Ex expressway
BOOM BOW BING! You heard the gunplay
"Who shot that duck out the window" Mr. Lee said
"Three pay now, you fucking weed head"
We can stop the finest suspect, he's dead
Then I pulled up "Come on girls to Club Med"

[MF Doom:]
Stay tuned, the Villain Three's Company
Don't sleep, Part One

Two brown sisters assisted the Villain, DOOM
He woked up, stoked like they was still in the room
Freed his right arm and leg, it was more like a sweep
Release his other leg, arm, head and rose to his feet
Staggering except for the socks and mask, naked
Threw on the boxers, searching for the trio
and checking for the keys Stacked, a robbery expected yet
Nothing obvious is missing
Recollected now why Hollywood hotties stepped into Giuseppe's
And naughty personnel nurses, Chanel purses, CLK shottie
Chased the trees with Thai iced teas
She drive while nice to veggie fried rice spicy
Told them both, "I don't feel so well, my belly,
Spin me down Melrose, drive me to the telly.
Ya'll go 'head and get the dutches, be back copy
Feeling woozy, no Uzi, who's he see in the lobby? Ray
Peace. pizza man change a hundred, stopped and looked
"Nah" Whoops! Left the knot in her pocket book
Wasn't the juks but too careless fearless
Got to the room and fell flat out on the terrace
The question remains who bound and gagged them?
That's when they found the empty pack of black Magnum
Villains skiid a gram on the street, 50G
The part of Mr. Ropo was played by Mr T


[Mr. Fantastik:]
From Venus to Mars back to Earth
Back to the HBO satellite
It's showtime, nigga
King Geedorah on the boards (King Geedorah)
MF DOOM, and I am, Mister Fantastik

Expeditiously I be on my grizzly
Feds try to creep me somehow always miss me
Mister Fantastik put the busy in the bee
Rock from the bottom straight to the tizzy

[MF Doom:]
Who is he? He need to get out more
Or either get outta here like some dang outlaw
Standing like Lurch, no herb in the record bin
Called him for a random search from curbside checkin' in

[Mr. Fantastik:]
It's on nigga, on and cracking
Like Digg'em, lips be smacking
Running off at the mouth steady talkin' 'bout us
On some shit they overheard but enough is enough

[MF Doom:]
Yeah, It's neither here nor there, black
Warfare in your ear, clack-clack-clack-clack-clack
What's that? You're hearing things! Tat-tat-tat-tat-tat
Be wearing your thinking hat

[Both:]
No matter how hard they try they can't stop us now
We got King Geedorah on the boards with that golden sound (Are you serious?) (Of course.)
They don't know how we get down when we're out out of town
(Deadly serious) (King Geedorah)
So when you see us in the streets don't be fuckin' around (Perfect)

[Mr. Fantastik:]
A hundred things on the re-up, of course I'm living fat
My Mercedes outside, nigga, where yours at?
Top down on a good day, Decatur, out on Wood Way
Got cats thinking should I stay, fuck what the hood say
Niggas wanna rob me now
Bitches wanna slob me now
Hoes didn't holla last year feel sorry now
Practice jumpshot, Reggie Mill', Robert Horry now
The nigga that you with played like Atari now
Lyrically unorthodox, I flow continuous
Never on a straight path, I'm known to bend a twist
Put it down from the suburbs to the tenement
You bet against me but wanna wonder where your money went
I get the cash, take niggas out like trash
Known to stack a mean stash, they used to call me pure math
Back in the days all I did was stay paid
But as they say in the South 'bitch, gimme some head'

[MF Doom:]
Excuse me, Mister, do she got a sister?
Who he not to kiss her? True, she do got a blister
Now the movie plot twists like a Twizzler
If I needed my meat burned I'd go to Sizzler
Getting paid like a biker with the best crank
Spray it like a high-ranked sniper in the West Bank
Type to just blank and don't show much pity
When I'm in the city, I always keep a dutch with me
Touch her titty 'til she ask me where the trees is at
Or tell me don't squeeze that, rats wanna tease a cat
Let the dog beg, wait up, who talking?
DOOM with the hog leg straight up New Yorkin'

[Both:]
No matter how hard they try they can't stop us now (That's correct)
We got King Geedorah on the boards with that golden sound (King Geedorah)
They don't know how we get down when we're out uptown (I just can't stand the guy)
So when you see us in the streets...

[Meatwad:]
Danger Doom in the hizzy!
Widdy widdy widdy widdy widdy widdy widdy we
We need food
[Carl:]
What are you doin there?
[Meatwad:]
I'm rappin
[Carl:]
Yeah... no, no I see that - what for?
[Meatwad:]
Money - if you got it umm
I wanna get some steady bitches and hoes
And some candy for my nose
Some diamond stones, to roll with my chrome and..
[Carl:]
Hey, genius. You even know what that means?
[Meatwad:]
Uh-uh - what does it mean?
[Carl:]
Where's the keyboards, and the tambourine, and the guitar
And you know, I mean - the stuff that like, white people like
[Meatwad:]
We had a piano
[Carl:]
Somethin bad-ass, like uhh, I don't know
Like uhh, REO Speedwagon or somethin
[Meatwad:]
Hell yeah!

[MF Doom:]
Aiyyo, I know this dude right
Carl, he wore tight blue sweats but wasn't glued too tight
All he had upstairs was a crude light
You think that's weird? He lived next door to a food fight
Howdy Danger, much obliged for the beat God
Even though you still eat lard, by the Meatwad
Mesquite charred, speakin of which or who
Voice all squeaky like they tuned it up a pitch or two
A chunk of burned up witch's brew, get your crew
See if they can't get past the stench of the stew
It stank like a septic tank full of pig poo
He mostly only turned into a frank or a igloo
Switch your view to the brother with the fried dreads
Not to be confused with the incense selling thai heads
His name rhymes with Mike Hawk
You could call him livewire, eye sockets, Frylock
Able to shoot electricity through his eyeballs
And blast all through your single sided brick and drywall
More interesting than professional wrestling
When he's online, you can find him on Instant Pestering
What's up with your boy? He's not a soft or hot drink
Whoever don't like it could suck his straw, it's hot pink
On some junk like Gucci on a classy ho
Might splash you in the face with nuclear pistachio
Make a fast break, or that'll be the last mistake
That ass'll make is what you get for messin with Master Shake
Look out, don't block the screen son, lunge across
Tryin to watch Adult Swim, "Aqua Teen Hunger Force!"
Rock a cult hymn, sock your mean younger boss
Psht - Adult Swim, "Aqua Teen Hunger Force!"
He often wondered, should he get the logo tatted to his woody?
He could be "#1 in the hood, G!"
Easily

[Master Shake:]
Shake callin, he heh
You know I wa-ahhhhhhaaaaeehh
I'd just got off the phone with somebody else and uh
That wasn't about you
That was about me being upset about something else
I shouldn't have called you but I did, cause I just
I like you so much, I'm REALLY looking forward to us working together
And just, as of now that I'm calm
And after I've apologized profusely - probably too much
I am available, call me doggie - woof!

Dub it off your man, don't spend that ten bucks
I did it for the advance, the back end sucks
It's better than sittin up in a crack den wit the Mac 11
Yellin at your fiends and friends to duck
There's feds at the door, oh it's just Fed Ex
I thought I heard walkie talkies, must've been them redneck
Neighbors of mine they fuckin with they CB
And we in the spot watchin COPS on TV
Blazin greens, thumpin Big's first cd
Drinkin OE, hopin pigs don't see
If they was psychic, they try to give him the electric chair
It's gettin hectic in here, and it's a election year
Keep this section clear, VIP
Shed a few tears since a knee-hi G
And got more tricks up my sleeve, cough, hick-up and sneeze
Make a emcee sick and dry heave weeze
They must be still allergic to a
Real raw rhymer with skills thats surgical
Take the day off and lay off the crazy water
It don't faze V as he lay up wit your lazy daughter..
With your lazy daughter

...Heat the bake, V came to eat your team steak
And for desert, a treat, the green cake
So much sweets it's a dream, it seem fake
These type feinds make your beat machine break
It's on the fritz, put it on the ritz
And watch what he gets, once his mits is on the glitz
A lot of rappers is soft tit, talk shit
They need to do us all a big favor, cork it
..Spit it like raw grits, get it
They better off forfeit admit it
Relaxin in your town, once the tour quit
V keep comin back with more and more hits..
More hits

[Mister Fantastic:]
It was back in the days when I met a brilliant student named DOOM
Hello? Anybody home?
Wow, look at that equipment
I wonder what DOOM is working on
Now I'll just rearrange a few of these circuits

[Dr. Doom:]
What are you doing in my room?

[Mr. Fantastic:]
You're even more stupid than I thought

[Dr. Doom:]
Give me those papers

[Mr. Fantastic:]
I just came by to say hello
But you'd better recheck those equations
You're off a few decimals
And that means big trouble if you use this material

[Dr. Doom:]
Get out of here


Not a lot of bling
When he do the thing, bada boom, bada bing
From the womb to the tomb
Get that ricotta, bada bing, bada boom
DOOM, your reputation precedes you
Wail 'til you crack and see what "weed" do, you dweeb you
No pun intended, takes one to know one, well no - it's unscented
Yo son, demented when them sent it from the other time
Before everybody and they mother rhyme
What a crime - beats is the same way
Make 'em wanna hit the streets with the heat for a lame's pay
Game day, flag on the play, improper helmet
Drag on the suede from the gem drop of well spit
He didn't listen, titty kissin', the city glistened
Depending on what from what position you're sittin'
In the pissy wind, is this thing whistlin'?
Who let the spinnin', whisperin' djinn in?
The Villain again? Without a doubt
That's his name, don't play it out
Or spray it, when you say it out your mouth
Then gave him a cold shoulder for a hour
And told him take a gold shower for fakin' funk, soul power
Stocky, short and cocky
Looked like Apollo Kreig after he fought with Rocky
Rhymed in a broken Eng-a-lish slang, not cockney
Thirteen, his first queen wore hot knock knees
Had to tell her pops, yo stop cockblockin', B
Hold somethin' for your daily yay habit
Then go, bada-bing-bing-bing like ricochet rabbit
How 'bout the sicko say stab it?
There's liquor in the cabinet and a slicker for the crab pit
And Heineken, I told him much obliged friend
What I gotta spend, if I only touch her thighs then?
Why his eyes widened
He didn't know your man had a nice surprise hidin'
Took pride in ridin' in a sly wiseguy grin
Real recognize real
On the microphone or wheels of mechanized steel
Please, at least respect your ideals
How you got her walkin' along the stroll in high heels?
He said her mamma was gettin' old
God bless her poor soul, now no more drama is your role
Straight to the head
He know a lot of haters can't wait 'til he dead
Lead to gold, like a ho to a strange whack housewife
Only thing he know: it changes back though, how trife
Rules is rules, don't go there
Stay on sale like a old coat made of mohair
Keep a snotty chicken on E, the Lone Ranger
Why everybody always pickin on Danger?
And DOOM, maybe it's him
Called up my lady, told her baby it's slim
Make me up a margarita, I need to take a swim
Tell them kids remember school - if they let 'em out, cool
But get the hell from out the pool

Hey {shithead}, it's me again!
And you know what? I just heard, IT'S ALL DONE NOW!
And somehow, I guess you must have lost my number
You know what?! YOU SUCK!
YOU SUCK! YOUR MUSIC SUCKS!
AND I HATE YOUR SUCKY STUPID METAL FACE!
I hope you BURN, you're going DOWN
This is the last big mistake, you'll ever make
YOU SUCK!!! I HATE YOUR GUTS!
But, if there is another project in the future please keep me in mind
Thank you

Beef rap, could lead to getting teeth capped
Or even a wreath for ma dukes on some grief crap
I suggest you change your diet
It can lead to high blood pressure if you fry it
Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease
It ain't no starting back once arteries start to squeeze
Take the easy way out phony, until then
They know they wouldn't be talking that baloney in the bullpen
So disgusting, pardon self as I discuss this
They talk a wealth of shit and they ain't never seen the justice
Bust this, like a cold milk from out the toilet
Two batteries some Brillo and some foil, he'a boil it
He be better off on PC glued
And it's a feud so don't be in no TV mood
Every week it's mystery meat, seaweed stewed
(Food, we need food!)

The flow is towin, precision as a afro trim
All big letters but it isn't no acronym
Smacked the thin grin off a chin for crack smokin
DDT the first bar, leave this track back broken
Chrome grown men doin business with anglo sax and them
Lackin swing but that banjo's so relaxin
As the wax spin
Hackin axes in the wind pretend it's just a pen
See if you could pencil em in
Tense, mention men their honor fenced in
Sensed it is tends
The wheels fall off, then it's the end
Don't get keelhauled in, Villain always been
Feel real genuine ballskin
Not to call the whole crowd out, it's just a few chumps
And you know who you are like a shout out
Place em in your loud mouth and taste em like a pastry
Waste of space, face hastily, bow out gracefully
Disappear, reappear, disappear again
Villain not is "hair", he's no Afro-American
If that's the case, he be a bald-headed African
Takin all the credit and jetted, astro-travellin
Turn the man into a mannequin for Affleck-in
And bein tough actin, tinactin bluff jackin
He's wears a mask so when he dawns his face
Each and every race, could absorb the bass
In the place to be
Don't believe the hyperbole
It's like a murder spree, get sniped verbally
Beat in the head with lead pipe languages
For street cred, leave em for dead, in anguishness
The slang suggest it was the guy in the glasses
And came to help the people with they minds in they a*ses
And set trippin, get a grip like Spaulding
These walls is thin, feel genuine ballskin


Villain got banished
Refused out the U.S., he ain't even Spanish
Oaxacado, sock with the hole toe
Miss the mean streets of LA, a pot hole pro
The goal though in the nick of time
To kick a slicker rhyme, do your face like Nickey the Line
No, not deported
Be a little minute before things get sorted
Known to get money, never got caught kid
Escape with a soft skid, short bid
Knock on wood, dope on plastic
Rocks so hood, hope on spastic
Putting on the ritz
Put your bullshit facial recognition on fritz
I'm afraid you're sadly mistaken
Paid to spit it like a bad piece of bacon
Take the bread
Even if you gotta lay down on the ground and fake dead
Grab that, way out the habitat
Where the rabbits is at, far from the lab rats
Man's right to know
Contemplate that as these hands write to flow
It ain't done yet
He let you know some of the results come sunset
Till then pack your bowl
Jack into your crack ho with black soul coal
Tune the diamond
Just so you know it ain't some buffoon rhymin'
Hey, watch your tonsils
End up in the hospital, not responsible
Bust that gizzard
Then start to think how it ain't worth the risk - is it?
Third degree black belt flow
Whip his monkey ass till the track felt slow
Melt snow, now that's gold
Blow on 'em, make fronts, wow that's cold
Stole'ded 'em, throws them dice
Cool 'em down, set to mo' flow with ice
Like liquid nitrogen ain't no wins
Macro- to micro-thin, it's your skin
Villain strikes again
Equivalent a hundred thousand milligram Vicodin
Not for nuttin', your guess is worth more
Barefoot doin' the James on a dirt floor
Dirt poor
Like, "Don't get your shirt tore, boy"
Crown of thorns, his chain made of razorblades
Gown adorned, homemade blazer suede
Bout to retire
Set up somewhere in the sun and breathe fire
That include tipsy getting
We get it in like your Big Fat Gypsy Wedding
No more thugging
And don't think you won't get slapped kid, you're bugging
It's all love, rhyme with more dough
Remind me of the fine-wine, time-raw flow
It's like a worn-in suit
On his shoot, morning commute, torn boot
What a gnarly scene
Publicity stunt, get paid on some Charlie Sheen
Some Monsanto or barley bean
And have a meeting-up with multiple-party machine
Watch DOOM's laser
Graze you more worse than an Occam's razor
Not to interrupt
But anybody else notice time speeding up?
Make your local police worried monthly
And won't be nowhere nears your country
Grown and got no time for 'em
Lap songs, belly tunes, nylons or iPhone
Bitches do a knock-knee, slack jaw
Don't speak Afrikaans, cockney, or patois
Alhamdulillah, last off the corner
Only thing he miss is blastin' off a warner
Supervillain, smooth sicko
Why oh why did I leave that booth Klitschko?
That's not up for debate
Be straighter than straight off a big gulp of V8
If she wasn't so bent
She'd know how the camel got his nose in the tent
Please, enough's enough
Don't get snuffed with the key to the cuffs
G's on your bluffs
Keys to the cuffs

Please, enough's enough!

[Harvey Birdman:]
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, we all lived through the 70's
The clothes, the music, the heartwarming but rarely amusing Ziggy cartoons
Now, later, who are we to look at these two, fine young men
And say, "You there - I sit in judgment of you!"

[MF Doom:]
For being a drunken lush, and bad as hell
Read the charge and thunk, sunk in in a plush padded cell
Tempurpedic Craftmatic adjustable
Go on try to stare at it, it's not that combustible
I accidentally spilled some kerosene
And dozed off with the L lit, doped up on thorazine
Matter of fact, make mines a double
Few could see the point like a line through the Hubble
Doom hit the eye in the sky with a pie
Shrink said he thinks he believe he could fly
Spread his wings and flap like a goose
He'll show you how to do it if you help him get the straps loose
Diagnosed as shell shocked from totin toast
And still could hear the bells rock Doc, another Lodine dose
He claimed he couldn't take the racket
Faked his own escape in a eightball straight jacket

[Myron Reducto:]
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury
This, animal, here; this ursine fellow
UNCLEAN!
He rejected society and retreated
To a cave in the woods to plot his vile - NOD!

[Harvey Birdman:]
And it isn't true that at these times
He often descends into a delusional state
Sometimes actually adopting another person's persona?

[MF Doom:]
I started punchin once I saw son lungin
He had me put on punishment for eating the last Munchkin
So now they got me down here near the dungeon
Nurses all arguin' over who's to do the spongin
He requested time off for bugged behavior
And rhymed off of thug beats bumped by a neighbor
Who spoke with his fist and kept a mirror with a thumbhole
Cell twelve drumroll, ode to a gum sole
A O.G. like a captain that's retired
Rappers is space cadets yappin', be quiet
And that's an order - ship your daughters to my quarters at once
And don't sip the tap water dunce
He is the super, a stranger who talks to you
Maybe even offer tech support and walk you through
Villain, man in the mask, spit in the face
Show him where to go, inside a hand basket case

[Myron Reducto:]
The defendant's confession!

[Harvey Birdman:]
Uhh, nothing further

[Mentok the Mindtaker:]
Mentok commands you to procede, with your case!

[MF Doom:]
Just since some people, wear a mask
Don't mean.. they.. did nothing automatically
[Harvey Birdman:]
Now wait a second!
Your Honor I'd respectfully like to have a word with you in chambers

[MF Doom:]
I request an immediate dismissal, on the grounds...
On grounds that...

[Harvey Birdman:]
Your honor I...

[MF Doom:]
Just as the mask, some people wear a mask
Don't mean that they did something

Oh shoot, get a load of that fruit
In thigh high boots, red tighty-whities and blue cat suit (Holy Homos)
Even the rats know it's tacky
"You ever see me slipping like that bitch just smack me"
Posing Chester, legs open, couldn't stand worse
All was missing was a bandana and a man purse
Crying, dying laughing till glands burst
Faster than a speeding glass, bleeding ass ran first
Fixing baby hair, messed up wavy curl
Under the cape the back of the S say baby girl
The things some people'll do for fame
It's a herb, it's a lame, It's… a god damn shame
Villain willing when them cold streets call
You can keep your hero and hold the meatballs
Worthy title, lock it with pockets on empty
He work harder than a steam engine like John Henry
Turn dirt to dollars like Don Henley
Ugly and still get hollers like Ron Jeremy
At least monetarily terribly
MCs need therapy, it's like a faris? spree
Hit him with a kryptonite brick (kryptonite)
Children come and prick his dead body with a stick
Wrote this lyric from in the bed with a chick
She had the tightest grip around the head of moi…
Bic, now can I get my pen back
Got no enemy, got no friend, black
With the Green Goblin got the batcave robbed
Bust in Batman's head bobbin', slobbin' Robbin's knob
Y'all already got your belts on the floor so
Kick them shits over here and click off the porno
Alfred come home and found them both necked
Handcuffed to each other just as he had suspected
Red and chrome batmobile, wheelin' and dealin'
Aqua mans sleeping with the fishes, for real for squealin'
Pss the lo-lo on a seal skin blazer
It's just a little graze from a razor-thin laser
Amazed at all these so-called wannabe players
Showing off they tip offs to all the free-gayers
It's like a leotard fest
How it got started is any retard's guess
Regardless, that's they choice, no hate debate
Becomes a problem when they try an attempt to go straight
And raise the monster rate in the whole population
It's starting to affect the super pimpin' occupation
Now, who's the hater, headline the newspaper
Fate of a fake you out caped crusader
Tied to the tracks, make a damn tram derail
Rap is like scam spam Nigerian e-mail
The man with no beard is more weirder than a she-male
Sucker got bagged on a Temazepam street sale
Told 'em one of ours set it up, yeah doubt
Did it like the dirty drawls
Wet 'em up and air it out


Beef rap
Could lead to gettin teeth capped
Or even a wreath for mom dukes on some grief crap
I suggest ya change ya diet
It can lead ta high blood pressure if ya fry it
Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease
It ain't no startin back once arteries start ta squeeze
Take the easy way out phony, until then
They know they wouldn't be talkin that bologna in the bullpen
So disgustin, pardon self as I discuss this
They talk a wealth of shit and they ain't never seen the justice
Bust this, like a cold milk from out the toilet
Two batteries some Brillo and some foil, he'a boil it
He be better off on PC glued
And it's a feud so don't be in no TV mood
Every week it's mystery meat, seaweed stewed (food, we need food!)

He wears a mask just to cover the raw flesh
A rather ugly brother with flows that's gorgeous
Drop dead joints hit the whips like bird shit
They need it like a hole in they head or a third tit
Her bra smell, his card say: aw hell
Barred from all bars and kicked out the Carvel'
Keep a cooker where the jar fell
And keep a cheap hooker that's off the hook like Ma Bell
Top bleeding, maybe fella took the loaded rod gears
Stop feeding babies colored sugar-coated lard squares
The odd pairs swears and God fears
Even when it's rotten, we've gotten through the hard years
I wrote this note around New Year's
Off a couple a shots and a few beers, but who cares?
Enough about me, it's about the beats
Not about the streets and who food he about ta eat
A rhymin cannibal who's dressed to kill, it's cynical
Whether is it animal, vegetable, or mineral
It's a miracle how he get so lyrical
And proceed to move the crowd like a old Negro spiritual
For a mil' do a commercial for Mello Yello
Tell 'em devil's hell no, sell y'all own Jello
We hollow krills, she swallow pills
He follow flea collar three dollar bills
And squeal for halal veal, in y'all appeal
Dig the real, it's how the big ballers deal
Twirl a L after every meal (FOOD)

What up
To all rappers shut up with ya shuttin up
And keep your shirt on, at least a button up
Yuck, is they rhymers or strippin males?
Outta work jerks since they shut down Chippendales
They chippin nails, Doom... jippin scales
Let alone the pre-orders that's counted off shippin sales
This one goes out to all my peoples skippin bail
Dippin jail, whippin tail, and sippin ale
Light the doobie til it glow like a ruby
After which they couldn't find the Villain like Scooby
He's in the lab on some old Buddha Monk shit
Overproof drunk shit, and who'da thunk it?
Punk try an ask why ours be better
It could be the iron mask or the Cosby sweater
Yes, you, who's screwed by the dude on the CD, nude! (we need food!)

[Cee-Lo:]
His name's, DOOM
They wonder just who is he
But don't worry
Believe me he'll get busy
When it comes to
Poetry he's got plenty

[MF Doom:]
Jump 'em in like jump rope, double dutch
Then turn on the mic with a thumb stroke, subtle touch
Cuddle clutch, is this thing on?
Like the fling with Mrs. King Kong, this spring gone?
Sing a song of slaphappy crappiness
He came to blow like it was strapped to his nappy chest
Surely I jest, the best on a wireless mic
Not an eye test, yet I di-gress
But why stress? Try and remember when
Maybe bit the tender skin-ned babysitter Gwendolyn
The type to hit and run and go tell a friend
Word to El Muerto cucaracha exoskeleton
He know, flow like interstellar wind
Tow a rap djinn by his toe into hell again
(ahem) One two, check me too
Loose wreck see through your goose-neck EQ

[Cee-Lo:]
His name's, DOOM
They wonder just who is he
But don't worry
Believe me he'll get busy
When it comes to
Poetry he's got plenty

[MF Doom:]
Ay! If I may interject
Rap these days is like a pain up in the neck
Cornier and phonier than a play fight
Take two of these and don't phone me on the late night
The beat won't fail me
With more rhymes than times he washed his hands and feet daily
And all that kerosene ain't cheap
Villain been deep since a teenage creep
Peep - he always was a gentleman
And kept the pen and a pencil in his mental den
Right there next to where the Rolodex was
Before it turned up all burnt by his solar plexus
He don't know his own strength
When he's on the bone it's like the microphone's length
And width, ain't it funky like dingy socks?
Feel the full effect off cassette in your Benzie Box

[Cee-Lo:]
His name's, DOOM
They wonder just who is he
But don't worry
Believe me he'll get busy
When it comes to
Poetry he's got plenty

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the debut grand opening
Of Madvillain Bistro Bed and Breakfast Bar and Grill
Cafe lounge on the Water

Where we offer you the finest of the finer things
Twenty four hours a day, seven days a week
Three hundred and sixty five days a year

Live on the beats, we have the one and only Madlib
We also have King Geedorah on the mix
Yesterday's New Quintet's here, Viktor Vaughn, Quasimoto
And I'm your host, 'The Supervillain'

Just lay back and have a good time
Enjoy the music, you know what I'm sayin'
I'd like to dedicate this next joint to my mans, you know
Big Hookie and Baba from the laundromat

Bear with me 'cause this...


[MF Doom:]
Dudes is doin' fashion shows
JJ DOOM go pop, not so irrational
You see the cash it pull? Y'all know the M.O
Vil been killin' flows since back when "It's a Demo"
Or "Please Listen To My Demo", keep "The Crossover"
He been flippin' beats since Casio Bossa Nova
We need a chauffeur for the rover where they go 'fer
If you gotta ask, you ain't supposed to have it- oh, uh
No duh. Silver with the mocha
Make sure it's turbo, jump a river with the joker broker
Stay- about to flip
Never know what happen like a play without the script, out your lip
Get a grip on an A&R lapel
Repeatin' after meetin', everything swell - ring bells
Mid-verse, hot sip drinking
It's a optical illusion, not lip-syncing
Thinking
Who's to know?

[Hook - Damon Albarn (MF Doom):]
I know
You go
We all go
(Right and wrong)
Pop
I know
You go
We all go
(Write the song
Bite the thong)
Pop

[MF Doom:]
In the world but not of it
Shove it above top secret buggedness, you gotta love it- rub it
Go for the club kid. One hit wonder
Killin' it, a brilliant career move blunder
Clear blue thunder, rock 'n' roll the whole house, announce
The true hunter, knock a troll out, and bid-di-dounce
Skate... next time you see 'em
Straight jacket, Hip Hop Hall Of Fame museum
Or in a screen gem for the soundtrack
What's the meanin' of the theme? Is the clown wack?
It's all relative to how swell you live in the long run
Hell, tell a fib, get the song done
We the wrong ones, so don't even ask
It's hard enough tryna breathe up in the mask
They know the supervillain name, he stay gaming 'em
Paper front to fame
He learn from watchin' Dame 'n' them
And not blaming 'em

[Hook]

[MF Doom:]
...Had this one bitty, she gave good brain
Used to come and see me in the hood on the train
One way cost a buck 50
Not a bad loss if you sure to suck her titty
At least for better or for worse
Nails was more faker than the letters on her purse
Not quite the Gucci butters
No drawers, coochie cutters
And the hoochie stuttered
"Y-y-y-y-ou got another Deski-kid?"
She listened to that rap shit
V was out of touch with
Lit it, hit it raw with no fuss
Only thing she said was
"J-J-Just pull out before you b-bust"
Lightskin from hell
V drink gin, she sipped white zinfandel
Maybe I'll make her to my baby mother
Then she had to break out to babysit her baby brother
To show her she was iller than the next chick is
He reached in the drawer and let her sport one of the necklaces
He gave her change for a token 
Get at me when you get to where you going
Got a call later that night and was heart broken
My man was like "Your girl just got bodied, I'm not joking
Fucked up real bad, she ain't make it
Stuck her with a cutter, she wouldn't let him take the shit"
I'm like "My shorty got stabbed
Off the piece of shit chain I had nabbed off a crab"
Wouldn't give it up so I put one in his ab
Grabbed the bloody chain and took a cab to the lab
I knew I should've sold it to the Arab
My shorty got stabbed off the same bloody chain

[Poisen Pen:]
...(Yeah! Yeah!) Late nite club nite Pen attract fights
Slumped in the corner click clackin dice
All my fam left they was high drunk or fuckin asked If I'm safe dolo
I'm from bed stuy its nuthin
Cuz told me to murk I wasn't listenin
My girls went to work trips & 456n em
Chain just glistenin lookin all gaudy
Plus the scratch I'm winnin got me lookin all flossy
40 after 40 stogie after stogie
Stumbled out the after hours without no homies
Forgot where I parked tried to hop in a cab
Some dude wit a mask said drop it in the bag
Now I'm not used to bein a victim
One of them club dudes had the same jeans & kicks on
That ass bettin loser this ain't right
But ain't no protocol when u shootin dice
Tried to put up a fight but I was too nice
Coordination fucked up caught one in the gut
Freaked out thought it was worse than it was
Cause all that blood dispersed from my gut
Out the infirmary just a flesh wound
But still felt funny when I tried to digest food
Back to the hood and I layed low
Runnin low on pesos need another game to enhance my payroll
This time ain't no one sleep
Had the rambo on me let my cousin hold the heat
I'm mad sober see what happened last time I got my drink on
Hold up! She got my link on?
The bow legged ho must think somethin sweet
She didn't even switch up the piece
Maybe she ain't know, think her man bought it
Then give ya man this for me, just cut her

The supervillain get kicked out your country
And said the Pledge of Allegiance six times monthly
He ain't hardly go to school
Been known to rock a party and do karate on a ghoul
Get your whole dome strangled
While in London town he sported a chrome Kangol
And did his best to blend in
Even till the endin', borderline pretendin'
Not quite, do it matter where you from?
Or more if you scared, prepared or mad dumb
Hold that thought
Youngins all thirsty, get the old man caught
That's a bad sport
And a tad short, another random thought
Show your support for the troops in the street
And for a treat he put a scoop of poop in the beat
That'll get it loopin' complete
So when she do the hula-hoop she spin it with her teeth
Ball, beat 'em all, that's the daily affirmation
Like every day the same songs play at the radio station
They need to change they compilation
Before he stomp the place in, causing complication
Watch what comes pouring out your face skin
Place it in the waste bin, boring conversation

"What do you guys do? What do you do?"
"Collect taxes"
"Collect taxis?"
"Yeah"
"What do you mean?"
"...A tax collector"

Wussy, the style is steel clad
Y'all need to practice like you need some pussy real bad
And that's the most he could emphasize
Never tell a lie, and when he boast, his temperature rise
Keep it on the humble
Speak it on the mumble, creep, dive and tumble
Back on his feet, foes tremble and crumble
Send your best wide receiver, incomplete-fumble
The whole team rumble
Remember it's just a game, keep your helmet on, numbskull!
Things could get uncomfortable and sticky
That's why he wear the metal mask, kick me
I must be dreamin' in the daytime
Company schemin', I think I see them by the layline
Near the fauna wouldn't wanna be him, he's a goner
Laid out in the gutter, see him on your corner, foreigner

"Excuse me? Can we interrupt you for two minutes? What are you doing?"

